{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green13\blue145;\red63\green110\blue116;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red92\green38\blue153;\red46\green13\blue110;\red28\green0\blue207;\red0\green116\blue0;\red38\green71\blue75;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18000\viewh13000\viewkind0
\deftab264
\pard\tx264\pardeftab264\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 			let\cf0  filterGroup = \cf3 GPUImageFilterGroup\cf0 ()\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0       \cf2 let\cf0  curveFilter = \cf3 GPUImageToneCurveFilter\cf0 ()\
      curveFilter.\cf3 rgbCompositeControlPoints\cf0  = ([\cf5 NSValue\cf0 (CGPoint:\cf6 CGPointMake\cf0 (\cf7 75\cf0 /\cf7 255\cf0 , \cf7 0.0\cf0 )), \cf5 NSValue\cf0 (CGPoint:\cf6 CGPointMake\cf0 (\cf7 137\cf0 /\cf7 255\cf0 , \cf7 64\cf0 /\cf7 255\cf0 )), \cf5 NSValue\cf0 (CGPoint:\cf6 CGPointMake\cf0 (\cf7 219\cf0 /\cf7 255\cf0 , \cf7 227\cf0 /\cf7 255\cf0 )), \cf5 NSValue\cf0 (CGPoint:\cf6 CGPointMake\cf0 (\cf7 232\cf0 /\cf7 255\cf0 , \cf7 1.0\cf0 ))])\cf8 \
\cf0       curveFilter.\cf9 useNextFrameForImageCapture\cf0 ()\
      filterGroup.\cf9 addFilter\cf0 (curveFilter)
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx264\pardeftab264\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0         \cf2 let\cf0  falseColorFilter = GPUImageFalseColorFilter()\
       falseColorFilter.firstColor = GPUVector4(one: \cf7 0.0\cf0 , two: \cf7 0.0\cf0 , three: \cf7 0.0\cf0 , four: \cf7 1.0\cf0 )\
       falseColorFilter.secondColor = GPUVector4(one: \cf7 1.0\cf0 , two: \cf7 1.0\cf0 , three: \cf7 1.0\cf0 , four: \cf7 1.0\cf0 )\
       sourcePicture?.addTarget(falseColorFilter)\
      \
      \cf2 let\cf0  blendFilter = GPUImageMultiplyBlendFilter()\
      sourcePicture?.addTarget(blendFilter)\
      falseColorFilter.addTarget(blendFilter)\
      blendFilter.addTarget(imageView)\
      falseColorFilter.useNextFrameForImageCapture()\
      filterGroup.addFilter(blendFilter)\
      lookupFilter.addTarget(blendFilter)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f2 \cf10 \cb11 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb11 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx264\pardeftab264\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0       filterGroup.\cf3 initialFilters\cf0  = [curveFilter]\
      filterGroup.\cf3 terminalFilter\cf0  = blendFilter\
      \
      filterGroup.\cf9 forceProcessingAtSize\cf0 (\cf3 imageView\cf0 .\cf3 sizeInPixels\cf0 )\
      filterGroup.\cf9 useNextFrameForImageCapture\cf0 ()\
      \cf3 sourcePicture\cf0 ?.\cf9 addTarget\cf0 (filterGroup)\
      filterGroup.\cf9 addTarget\cf0 (\cf3 imageView\cf0 )\
      \cf3 sourcePicture\cf0 ?.\cf9 processImage\cf0 ()\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}